A practice gas
It stands to reason that it is already very difficult to get to the first floor
Why is he so relaxed?
It's a fart
I am a disciple of Xuanying Sect who sweeps the hair book
You can easily go to the first floor
Is to be able to go to the third floor
It's just the standard of my Xuanying Sect outer court disciples
Just up one floor
You're too smug.
Hey
It's three floors, and it's seven floors.
Waste of Tiangong
The third floor has been unloaded to the limit
Dare to take another step forward and re-explode the Tian King
Really? Well, keep your eyes open.
In plain sight, I see what tricks you play
Ah, it's level 4
Also a gas training
I actually climbed the fourth step
How is that possible?
Still moving forward
Level 5
Level 6, level 6
Li Ying is enough
Although not as good as having children
But it's enough
Proud to lose
Also a waste of qi training
How did you get to the sixth step?
So what about level 6?
Every step above level 6 will be condemned by God
A level 6 waste can never compare to a level 7 genius
Really?